---
title: 'Hamming: You and Your Research'
date: 2021-09-26
permalink: /posts/2021/09/hamming/
tags:
  - talk
---

I watched the talk late today and I was truly motivated by the words.

<iframe width="560" height="315" src="https://www.youtube.com/embed/a1zDuOPkMSw" title="YouTube video player" frameborder="0" allow="accelerometer; autoplay; clipboard-write; encrypted-media; gyroscope; picture-in-picture" allowfullscreen></iframe>

- Once famous, it's very easy to remain famous. Once not famous, it's necessary to do something outstanding.
- Think about doing significant things by you definition of significant.
- You prepare yourself then luck hits you.
- It is constant hard work that does it ( to be a genius ), nothing more or nothing less. The very able people work very hard all the time. They were at the problem all the time.
- The most important thing probably, greate people, is they believe they can do great work. They have confidence in themselves. If you don't believe you could do great work, it's not likely that you're ever going to do it. (Over-confidence is a disaster.)
- If what you're working on is not important and it's not likely to lead to important things, why are you working on it? If you don't work on important problems, you are not going to do important things except by the dumbest of dumb luck. You can't work on (them) all the time because that's what Nobel Prize winners do.
- The guy with the door closed were often very well able, very gifted, but they seem to work always on slightly the wrong problem. So you have to get wide feeling for what is going on.
- You should study your successes and don't study failures. Because when your time comes, you will know how to succeed. If you study failures, you'll know how to fail. Which elements of that can you adapt to your personality. You can't be everybody, but you have to find your own method.
- I didn't have time to do everything. I wasn't a first-class genius. I have to work hard. So I simply set aside other things and did that. It's not hard to do ( stop reading other magazines, reading New Yorkers and so on ), you just do it.
- The guy works hardest doesn't win, the person who works on the right problem at the right time in the right way is what counts and nothing else.
- I used to set aside Friday noon and Friday afternoon for "great thoughts"( what is the important problem of your field, what are the fundamentals behind it ).
- It's not an important problem if you don't know how to do it (time travel, anti-gravity, etc.). If you have, then they may become important.
- When you first do a thing is often muddled up, and one of your problems is to get it clear so it can be communicated to other people. You need to communicate orally, written and reports and casual conversations. When you hear lectures and talks, ask yourself every time. Besides what was the content, what was the style? What part can I adapt the technique?
- Change doesn't mean progress, but progress requires change. If you don't change, you will not make progress.

**THE END:** I've told you how to succeed. You have no excuse for not doing better than I did. Thank you.
